Dave Marcus is he run out of fuel looks
like he has to me he might bring out a
caution John Robinson has made a
tactical road
we'll keep an eye on Dave Marcus here's
Dale Earnhardt jr. and Marty
they will not put on the front nose
piece that they may become we're under
green flag conditions he said it has a
very very bad Bush
going to change four tires they are
going to make a wedge adjustment as well
they really wanted to put that piece of
the nose on because that will make the
car better aerodynamically we're going
to put on as much tape
already on the right front of the race
car hoping that it holds on and when
they do get a caution they're going to
put on this
we go back to the right time to make
sure that tapers down
and a little bit of problem on the left
rear tire
some of the leaders who've not yet
stopped they're coming in now
Johnny Robinson is now required the car
they were putting fuel in to prime the
carburetor she tried to get it out they
will push it out meanwhile Bobby Labonte
is in his car was just a little bit
loose they're going to take a pound of
air pressure out of the left rear tire
they will change more and try to send it
back out of here the two right-side
tires are on
tulips I think what on now and my body
is gone man
the 40 carp Sterling Marlin is in as is
the 88 of Dale Jarrett they made a
chassis adjustment on the floor
goes to turn the car the car continues
to want to go straight and the 88 search
has done as well caution is out for Dave
Marcus's
there are a couple of cars who have not
made pit stops yet but most everybody
who was on the lead lap will be okay and
those two cars that have not pitted the
97 and 99 they're not in great shape
because you know they're almost out of
fuel when the pace car picks them up if
they drive up on the feint the fuel is
going to run away from the pickup and
they might run out of gas on the caution
play
Jeff Burton is the leader he incurred
Bush have not yet made those pit stops
and now the interesting part is picking
up the right leader with the pace car
and getting the field gathered up so
where everybody's in the right laughs
it's always one of those things when you
put a caution out in the middle of green
flag stops there you see the pace car
Kenny Schrader and all those guys that
had made her pissed up they slow down
because rater thought he was the leader
but the pace the leaders had turned to
is traitor was in turn three waiting for
the pace car to catch him
they've got to go all the way around and
catch up with the pace car Schrader and
the others do so it's going to be a
minute before they get the chance to
come back around but having just stopped
under green we should all to see a
couple of guys on pit road here right
I'll stay out get the position unless
Dale jr. decides to go in and put that
nose piece on his car yep now's the time
to do it they've had plenty of time to
do it so I think you're right people see
that happen and you saw the four car
down on the apron of the racetrack
look like he was out of fuel I saw him
within the car back and forth you see
the 97th up on the 31 degree banking the
fuel gets away for the big Cup but it
looks like these guys is going to be
okay
Jeff Burton Kurt Busch Mike Skinner and
Skinner is out of fuel see him leaving
the car back and forth trying to slosh
and gasoline over to the victim they
come to pit road let's see how many the
others who just stopped under the green
barriers well a Ken Schrader's coming
back in Matt Allen Kurt Busch is in for
service
Andy Thurmond going to work on the front
his car is tight you can see the crew
member making a chassis chest but they
also made an air pressure adjustment in
the
his car is extremely tight but it has
been pretty fast today taking a long
time on the ride
because they're putting a robber in the
right way which should loosen about
he'll ever
was here fuel only Jeff Gordon is back
on pit road
fuel only the 43 on pit road fuel only a
lot of guy
different options here some guys pitting
for fuel some guys
the rest of the way the guys that had
pitted early like Schrader and company
were concerned that they wouldn't be
able to get their on fuel Marty and Dale
Earnhardt jr. putting on the fender that
we talked about this is a very tedious
process they're using pop rivet guns and
screw guns as well they're putting it on
and trying to secure it as best they can
so we'll stay on for the rest of the
race they have done very well
patchwork they think they'll be even
better with this more form permanent fix
and this is unbelievable they've got a
couple of minutes because it takes that
long for a pitch lap around this giant
two and a half mile stretch we're under
caution in the Daytona 500